How does HTTP work?
In its original form,
Berners-Lee came up with a template that you can
fill in to make a request for a document on a server.
The original protocol, later called HTTP 0.9, was incredibly limited.
You fill in if you want to retrieve or store a document,
where to store the document including the name
and any additional information you think is necessary.
This request has been handed to the server.
Since the server speaks HTTP,
it knows that this is an HTTP request and can therefore understand what the client wants.
The protocol also has templates for the responses.
These are a bit more versatile since a single request
can have a variety of outcomes including errors,
unreadable request forms, or re-routing the client to a completely different server.
Luckily, Richard did a good job and I know what he wants.
The only thing left for me to do is fill out this form so Richard knows
which request I'm responding to.
Bandwidth problems.